testimonials/Crossmark-Asia-Pacific.md, before:

---
title: Crossmark Asia Pacific
date: 2023-04-05
Contactname: Kevin Moore
Contactposition: Chairman
Website: https://crossmark.com.au/
description: We approached Rochelle and two other PR agencies just after the acquisition of TMD by CROSSMARK.

---



We approached Rochelle and two other PR agencies just after the acquisition of TMD by CROSSMARK. The brief was to build the CROSSMARK brand profile and relevancy amongst major retailers and brand owners in Australia and New Zealand.

Having followed Rochelle during her days as a journalist, I was aware of her professionalism and knowledge of the Australian and New Zealand media industry. Together with Rochelle we shaped a clear and elegant traditional and social media PR strategy, that required commitment from me and my leadership team to deliver.

Over six years, the CROSSMARK brand has become the leading and most trusted brand in our industry sector. CROSSMARK has grown to the largest supplier of retail marketing services in the region. I believe our PR strategy has been a key part of that success.

Commit message:

<span class="rightfloat">{% include "components/global/quote-right.html" %}</span>

testimonials/Crossmark-Asia-Pacific.md, after:

---
title: Crossmark Asia Pacific
date: 2023-04-05
Contactname: Kevin Moore
Contactposition: Chairman
Website: https://crossmark.com.au/
description: We approached Rochelle and two other PR agencies just after the acquisition of TMD by CROSSMARK.

---



We approached Rochelle and two other PR agencies just after the acquisition of TMD by CROSSMARK. The brief was to build the CROSSMARK brand profile and relevancy amongst major retailers and brand owners in Australia and New Zealand.

Having followed Rochelle during her days as a journalist, I was aware of her professionalism and knowledge of the Australian and New Zealand media industry. Together with Rochelle we shaped a clear and elegant traditional and social media PR strategy, that required commitment from me and my leadership team to deliver.

Over six years, the CROSSMARK brand has become the leading and most trusted brand in our industry sector. CROSSMARK has grown to the largest supplier of retail marketing services in the region. I believe our PR strategy has been a key part of that success.<span class="rightfloat">{% include "components/global/quote-right.html" %}</span>
